RunAsGroup documentation for Progressing this to Beta (#12297)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/security-context.md

<!--more--> 

> The securityContext field in a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" >}} (applying to all containers) or container is used to set the user (runAsUser), primary group(runAsGroup) and group (fsGroup), capabilities, privilege settings, and security policies (SELinux/AppArmor/Seccomp) that container processes use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The securityContext field in a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" >}} (applying to all containers) or container is used to set the user, groups, capabilities, privilege settings, and security policies (SELinux/AppArmor/Seccomp) and more that container processes use.
```

<!--more--> 

> The securityContext field in a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" >}} (applying to all containers) or container is used to set the user (runAsUser, primary group(runAsGroup) and group (fsGroup), capabilities, privilege settings, and security policies (SELinux/AppArmor/Seccomp) that container processes use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The securityContext field in a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" >}} (applying to all containers) or container is used to set the user (runAsUser), primary group(runAsGroup) and group (fsGroup), capabilities, privilege settings, and security policies (SELinux/AppArmor/Seccomp) that container processes use.
```
